hey YouTube what's going on Eric from
archos gaming here sorry about this
video being so Leigh is like six in the
morning actually 636 I've been up all
night I have not slept and I've got
school in an hour so I'm kind of screwed
about that but I mean who really cares
i'll sleep all day in school all right
this is the advanced to create a class
so it's going to jump into this one the
first class that we're going to be
looking over today is yet again oh wait
not did not show the ACR my beginners
the ACR is a very well compact gun and
you see her the accuracy is very well
the damage is almost there everything's
kind of in like a nice fine line I use
the silencer online mainly because i
like being suppressed and i do not like
anybody be knowing where i am also
extended mags so i can have a longer
reach on people now secondary we are
using these MP 4 12 I've actually won
three games just with this I would kill
one person with the AC or kill one or
two people the ACR and then come out
with this and lights and also now I
think this is also a really good gun
because it's the sub note sub nosed
version of the 44 Magnum and all those
is a 44 magnum is a bit more accurate
and powerful I think this is the overall
gun because the other one has a lower
fiery so if this one can get more
bullets off faster then it was going to
be a lot more deadly now our lethal
you're using the Claymore unlocked at 52
I thought I should mention that I'll
start mention the unlocked names or
anything in la close claymores are good
with this class um I think personally
because this is kind of like my campers
class I'll get in a room and I'll set
this behind me or if I'm on a hard hat
or something like over that little pipe
is I'll set outside the pipe and jump on
top and then portable radar another good
thing is because if you're camping you
throw this on the ground next to you and
you'll know all the time when somebody's
coming up next to you except if somebody
is using assassins pro it is kind of a
disadvantage but you know what can you
do now we're using scavenger pro for the
extent extra max
statins pro so we cannot be seen and
dead silence pro so no one can hear us
and our sous bois killstreaks is UAV
advanced UAV juggernaut with juice
that's the dash streak now class to the
ump45 i have mine gold because i took a
long time to working with this and I've
actually had for a while I think I might
they might be cold in my first video
they beginners video I bring it back as
an advanced class mainly because the
fact that once you use it from the
beginners class and you get really good
with it you'll feel like it its advanced
weapon now we are still using the
extended mags silence or combo mainly
for the fact like I said before with
this gun this is more of a close-range
weapon I mean you still take mile for
pretty long ranges it's just really
defensive and I've attended to you to
spray and drop shot so the Scorpion is
probably the most powerful secondary and
has the best mobility and we go if you
check the stats of every other gun the
only one never said that nothing is
better I thought there G a Glock was
better but you can see there's nothing
better and we use stem tax mainly for
sticking and flash grenade so we cannot
be found same is the first one although
I use photo radar now you sleight of
hand so when I'm running if I get into a
gunfight can switch out amo pretty fast
now we are using assassins fro just like
i said before so we cannot be seen that
silence problem mainly on this for no
falling damage which I do run around a
lot with this class and i managed to
usually jump down if I can't be hurt or
anything it's really good and same
support with the UAV advanced UAV and
Jarvan a combo with dead man's hand on
this which is basically when you die
policy for now this is one of my sniping
classes I think the Somali snapping
classic i were to the other one this one
we were using the MSR unlocked a level
66 we have the proficiency impact on it
so when you shoot through walls it does
a lot more damage which i think is
helpful with the p99 as the backup or is
secondary that's a very powerful pistol
it actually does shooting almost a
complete straight line I I don't know
how the action she's that low I mean
you go on this and just private matching
shoe in a strip if you just shoot it
it's going to go in a complete straight
line we do use throwing a shot for
slight we do my god we use throwing
knifes for silent shots and others and
like other combos I can do with the a
massage and yeah so another one if you
tries the l 118 or what I think that's
the name of it it is also a very good
sniper use concussion grenades like you
guys said again it's probably the same
thing so we can't be found sleight of
hand so I can swap between the if I'm in
a gunfight and I get up to close and I
missed the first shot I usually like to
switch my p99 and take them out
quick-draw pro mailing for the first the
non-pro work is you come in your school
faster steady aim pro mainly so when I'm
running I got my gun pretty much up and
scoped in by the time I stopped running
same sport streets the UAV advanced UAV
and juggernaut and we also are using
juiced now this is one of my favorite
classes all know that is not that high
because as we saw before my ECR and my
unp took a lot of time to get up there
probably took about a total three hours
for both of them to be that time but
this one we are using the type 95 and
upgraded version of the moss and uh
actually it's an upgraded version of the
famas and m16 but it has the same
mobility as the m16 but it has the same
build up as the famas we are using red
dot any kit because this thing does have
a tendency to kick a little bit this one
we were using the 44 Magnum as the
backup because I gave it a lot closer
with this one well I mean like further
yeah this is my further one the next one
i think i'm already sure i'm confused
now alright we were using fried because
i do like to cock the frag back and then
let it go flash grenade so we cannot be
seen scavenger pro mainly for the extra
bags i get quick-draw pro recover from
equipment and grenade usage quicker
mainly dead silence row so I when I'm
jumping
not be found the strike package is UAV
advanced UAV and juggernaut as always
and then we're using juste last class is
the PP 90 m 1 or 0 and 1 honestly this
thing I should have got rid of the UMP
in this book because I forgot I had this
down here but this thing is just it
tears the UMP apart this is overall gun
best some machine gun in the game I'm
throwing that out there my opinion but I
think tears all right now we were using
the it's like I said before oh wait
we're using range on this because it
does have low range in my opinion
especially when you're using silencer
silencer kinds of balances out the range
and everything I like silencer like
makes it bad so then when we put on
range it kind of kind of brings it back
a little bit now assess a sleight of
hand pro because I need this thing you
need your pretty much reload fast if
you're in a big gun battle assassins fro
so I can't be seen a dead silence so I
can't be heard our this time we're be
running UAV UAV stealth bomber and EMP I
think that's the best combo for this
class and final stand well I hope you
guys enjoyed this I'm going to go ahead
and prestige now Oh wife crops I got and
we are prestiged so we are a level 1
second prestige I'll probably hit about
30 before I go to school and finish a
lot of it up tonight and I'll stand up
all night again tonight but hope you
guys enjoyed this if this did help you
please hit that rate comment subscribe
like whatever you guys want to do all
that jazz it really helps me out and
that's it for this video